# Local Development
Reviactyl is now powered by React, Typescript, and Tailwindcss using vite at its core to generate compiled assets.
Release versions of Reviactyl will include pre-compiled, minified, and hashed assets ready-to-go.

However, if you are interested in running custom themes or making modifications to the React files you'll need a build
system in place to generate these compiled assets. To get your environment setup you'll need at minimum:

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) v22.x.x
* [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) v10.x.x
* [Go](https://golang.org/) 1.17.x

### Install Dependencies
```bash
pnpm install
```

The command above will download all of the dependencies necessary to get Reviactyl assets building. After that, its as
simple as running the command below to generate assets while you're developing. Until you've run this command at least
once you'll likely see a 500 error on your Panel about a missing `manifest.json` file. This is generated by the commands
below.

```bash
# Build the compiled set of assets for production.
pnpm run build

# Build the assets automatically as they are changed. This allows you to refresh
# the page and see the changes immediately.
pnpm run watch
```

### Hot Module Reloading
For more advanced users, we also support 'Hot Module Reloading', allowing you to quickly see changes you're making
to the Vue template files without having to reload the page you're on. To Get started with this, you just need
to run the command below.

```bash
pnpm dev
```

### Serve the Backend
To serve Laravel app, you need to run the command below. It will load Laravel Application, check "Hot Module Reloading" to quickly see changes to frontend.

```bash
php artisan serve
```

### Building for Production
Once you have your files squared away and ready for the live server, you'll be needing to generate compiled, minified,
and hashed assets to push live. To do so, run the command below:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

This will generate a production JS bundle and associated assets, all located in `public/assets/` which will need to
be uploaded to your server or CDN for clients to use.

### Running Agent
To run `agent` in development all you need to do is set up the configuration file as normal when adding a new node, and
then you can build and run a local version of Agent by executing `make debug` in the Agent code directory. This must
be run on a Linux VM of some sort, you cannot run this locally on macOS or Windows.
